PREVIOUSLY
ON "VERONICA MARS"...
DUNCAN?
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
HOW OFI'EN YOU'D VISITED
MEG SINCE THE ACCIDENT?
Celeste: WHAT DID YOU SAY
TO DUNCAN?
LET'S START WITH
WHAT I DIDN'T TELL HIM.
I DIDN'T TELL HIM
THAT HIS MOTHER DROVE MY MOTHER
OUT OF TOWN.
THE NIGHT FELIX GOT KILLED, DID
YOU SEE WHO CALLED THE COPS?
NO, MAN.
I'M GETTING
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS.
WHAT HAPPENED TO FELIX?
I CAN'T REMEMBER, OKAY?
[ RINGS ]
IS IT DONE?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA THE HELL
YOU JUST BROUGHT ON YOURSELF.
Hauser: SINCE YOU ALL
HAD SUCH A RAUCOUS GOOD TIME
WITH VENEREAL DISEASES,
I'M SURE YOU'LL BE THRILLED
WITH PHASE TWO OF SEX ED.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...
WELCOME TO PARENTHOOD.
SO THAT'S
WHERE BABIES COME FROM.
FOR THE NEXT FIVE DAYS,
YOU MOMS AND DADS WILL TEAM UP
AND CARE FOR YOUR VERY OWN
BABY THIN K-IT-OVER.
[ BABY CRYING ]
SOME PARENTING TIPS.
YOUR BABIES HAVE
VERY SOPHISTICATED SENSORS.
THEY KNOW WHEN
THEY WANT TO BE HELD...
AND WHEN THEY WANT A BOTTLE.
[ CRYING STOPS ]
MOST IMPORTANTLY, YOUR BABIES
HAVE VERY GOOD MEMORIES --
OR RATHER, MEMORY CHIPS.
SO, IF YOU'RE LOOKING
TO PASS THIS CLASS,
I'D GIVE JUNIOR
SOME SERIOUS TLC.
NOW, FIND A PARTNER,
PICK A BABY.
OH, AREN'T WE SUPPOSED TO HAVE
A SHOT OF TEQUILA FIRST?
PICK A GOOD 'UN, HONEY.
I GOT TO GO SEE THE MAN.
WHAT DO YOU GOT FOR ME --
S.A.T. CHEATING SCAM,
TOILET CAM
IN THE GIRLS' LOCKER ROOM,
A STICKY DIVORCE,
PERHAPS?
I NEED FOR YOU TO OPEN UP
YOUR PURSE, VERONICA.
HAND OVER YOUR KEYS.
ALL YOUR KEYS.
I CAN EXPLAIN THAT.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
THE DISTRICT '5 PUT IN
A SECURITY SYSTEM
THAT KEEPS TRACK
OF ALL AFTER-HOURS VISITORS.
I DON'T SEE
ANY CAMERAS HERE.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU CAN PROVE
THAT I BROKE IN.
HOW ELSE COULD YOU HAVE GOTTEN
THE DRUG TESTING RESULTS?
THE FAKED
DRUG TEST RESULTS?
LET ME WALK YOU
THROUGH IT.
USUALLY WHEN I SAVE YOUR BUTT,
I START BY --
WHAT ELSE HAVE YOU STOLEN
FROM MY SCHOOL?
I CAN'T IMAGINE
THAT ALL OF THESE KEYS
BELONG TO YOUR PROPERTY.
FOR INSTANCE,
WHAT'S THIS ONE FOR?
THAT ONE? LET'S SEE.
THAT ONE OPENS A DuraGuard FILE
SAFE MANUFACTURED PRIOR TO 1990.
AND, UH, THIS ONE?
FITS ANY VESPA SCOOTER.
WHAT?
I LIKE TO COME PREPARED.
IN THAT CASE, PREPARE YOURSELF
FOR A SUSPENSION.
YOU BROKE INTO
MY FILING CABINET.
THAT'S POSSIBLY EVEN GROUNDS
FOR THE SHERIFF'S INVOLVEMENT.
IF YOU SUSPEND ME,
I WON'T BE ELIGIBLE FOR --
THE KANE SCHOLARSHIP.
YES, I'M AWARE OF BOTH
YOUR ACADEMIC RECORD
AND YOUR
FINANCIAL SITUATION.
I MIGHT BE INCLINED
TO LET YOU OFF WITH DETENTION.
FINE, DETENTION.
I'LL TAKE IT.
EXCUSE ME, MAC?
MAC?
OH, WERE YOU
TALKING TO ME?
YEAH, I WAS,
ACTUALLY.
UM, I WAS WONDERING
IF I COULD HIRE YOU.
TO DO WHAT?
WELL, I NEED
A DOMAIN REGISTERED
AND AN ONLINE IDENTITY FOR
MY COMPANY, PHOENIX LAND TRUST.
I WOULD ALSO NEED YOU TO DESIGN
A LOGO FOR MY LETTERHEAD.
YOU KNOW, I-I-I'M HAPPY TO MATCH
WHATEVER YOUR GOING RATE IS.
I NEED THE WORK
TO BE FORTUNE 500 CALIBER.
LOOK, I'LL HELP YOU GET
YOUR COMPANY UP AND RUNNING,
BUT BASICALLY
YOU'RE HIRING ME
TO DO YOUR HOMEWORK
FOR YOU, RIGHT?
UM...
[ CHUCKLES ]
RIGHT.
Alan:
SOME OTHER EXCITING NEWS --
NEPTUNE PLAYERS
WILL BE HOLDING OPEN AUDITION
FOR "HAMLET" ALL WEEK,
AND I AM ESPECIALLY PROUD
TO ANNOUNCE THIS YEAR'S
SPECIAL CELEBRITY DIRECTOR --
TELEVISION AND SCREEN STAR,
NOT TO MENTION NHS ALUM,
MISS TRINA ECHOLLS.
Veronica: PRINCIPAL MOOREHEAD,
YOU OLD STAR STROKER.
IF LOGAN'S SISTER
IS BACK IN NEPTUNE,
THAT MUST MEAN
SHE WAS THE FIRST ONE
BOOTED OFF "THE SURREAL LIFE"
THIS SEASON.
VERONICA...
YOU ARE AWARE
THAT SCHOOL ISN'T OVER YET?
BUT DETENTION
WAS JUST SO CLOSE.
I CONVINCED MY 7th-PERIOD
TEACHER TO LET ME OUT EARLY.
FOLLOW ME, THEN.
GOT A LITTLE PROJECT FOR YOU.
THE JANITOR HAD A DOLLY ACCIDENT
LAST WEEK
MOVING
THE PERMANENT RECORDS.
YOUR SENTENCE IS UP
WHEN EACH
OF THESE FILES
FINDS ITS WAY ALPHABETICALLY
INTO THAT CABINET.
AND I CAN'T
USE MAGIC, RIGHT?
MY MOM'S PERMANENT RECORD?
SIX MONTHS AGO SHE VANISHED
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT,
BUT I GUESS WE ALL LEAVE
A LITTLE SOMETHING BEHIND.
MOM DIDN'T TALK ABOUT
HER NEPTUNE DAYS VERY OFTEN.
BUT BACK BEFORE SHE STARTED
DRINKING, SHE TOLD ME
THAT HIGH SCHOOL IS SOMETHING
YOU HAD TO GET THROUGH.
I KNEW WHAT SHE MEANT.
I ALWAYS LIKED IMAGINING
THAT I WOULD'VE GOTTEN ALONG
WITH LIANNE AS A TEENAGER,
EVEN LONG AFTER
LIANNE THE ADULT
FAILED TO MEET
OR EXCEED EXPECTATIONS.
"LIANNE REYNOLDS --
SUSPENDED THREE DAYS
"FOR SPREADING FALSE
AND MALICIOUS RUMORS
CONCERNING ANOTHER STUDENT."
"LIANNE REYNOLDS APPEARED
AT A DISCIPLINARY HEARING
ALONG WITH FELLOW STUDENT
DEBORAH PHILIPINA DRUMMOND."
HUH. I WONDER
IF SHE'S ANY RELATION
TO DEBORAH PHILIPINA HAUSER.
THIS IS GONNA TAKE YOU
A VERY LONG TIME
IF YOU PLAN TO READ
EACH INDIVIDUALLY.
I WAS JUST --
SNOOPING THROUGH
SCHOOL PROPERTY.
ISN'T THAT WHAT LANDED YOU
HERE IN DETENTION?
BACK TO WORK, VERONICA.
[ GRINDING ]
HEY, YOU TRIPPED
THE DAMN BREAKER AGAIN, BERTO!
YOU HEAR ME, MAN?!
[ WHISTLES ]
I HEARD YOUR LIGHTS WERE OUT.
EVER HEAR OF GENETICS, KID?
THANKS TO YOUR GRANDMA,
I'VE GOT A 50/50 SHOT
AT BECOMING AN ALKY.
GUESS THAT MAKES YOUR ODDS
1-IN-4, WHICH ISN'T SO BAD.
OH, AND THERE'S ALSO
THIS LATENT MEAN-GIRL GENE.
YOU'RE LUCKY
YOU'RE MADE OUT OF PLASTIC.
HEY, MRS. HAUSER,
DO YOU HAVE A SEC?
I HAVEN'T HAD
MY COFFEE.
INTRUDE ON MY PERSONAL TIME
AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU USED TO BE FRIENDS
WITH MY MOM, LIANNE REYNOLDS?
YOU WERE
IN THE SAME CLASS?
I KNEW YOUR MOTHER.
WELL ENOUGH TO GET SUSPENDED
TOGETHER SENIOR YEAR.
WHY WOULD YOU DIG UP
AN UGLY STORY LIKE THAT?
DISCOVERING THAT YOUR MOM
AND YOUR TEACHER
WERE SUSPENDED FOR SPREADING
A FALSE AND MALICIOUS RUMOR --
WHO WOULDN'T WANT
TO KNOW MORE ABOUT THAT?
IT'S NOT A JUICY STORY,
VERONICA.
IT'S AN EMBARRASSMENT.
I'M ASHAMED I EVEN LISTENED
TO LIANNE'S GOSSIP,
LET ALONE REPEAT IT.
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
THE CONSEQUENCES.
A LOT OF PEOPLE
GOT HURT
BECAUSE YOUR MOTHER JUST
COULDN'T KEEP HER MOUTH SHUT.
MAYBE YOU CAN LEARN
FROM HER MISTAKE.
[ BABY CRYING ]
THERE YOU GO, KID.
HERE'S LIFE LESSON NUMBER ONE --
WHAT GOES AROUND, COMES AROUND.
* A LONG TIME AGO,
WE USED TO BE FRIENDS *
* BUT I HAVEN'T THOUGHT OF YOU
LATELY AT ALL *
* COME ON, NOW, SUGAR *
* BRING IT ON, BRING IT ON,
YEAH *
* JUST REMEMBER ME WHEN *
* WE USED TO BE FRIENDS
A LONG TIME AGO *
* WE USED TO BE FRIENDS *
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
YOU'VE BEEN WORKING HERE
FOR WHAT, LIKE, EVER?
ANY IDEA WHAT MY MOM DID
HER SENIOR YEAR
TO GET HERSELF
SUSPENDED?
LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT --
YOU WANT FOLLOW-UP
ON WHAT I EXPLICITLY FORBADE YOU
FROM DOING YESTERDAY?
UM...YES.
MORE ALPHABETIZING,
LESS COLD-CASING.
[ SIGHS ]
BACK THEN
I WAS A YOUNG SCIENCE TEACHER.
I WOULD HAVE NO IDEA.
DIDN'T YOU READ THE REPORT?
YEAH, BUT THEY BLACKED
ALL THE GOOD STUFF OUT.
HMM.
WHO ELSE WAS HERE
IN 1980?
WHAT?
I'M JUST TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT KIND OF PERSON MY MOM WAS.
MRS. HAUSER
WAS A STUDENT.
MR. MOOREHEAD
WAS THE VICE PRINCIPAL.
MARY MOONEY
WAS A STUDENT.
I THINK THAT'S IT,
THE ENTIRE LIST.
MARY MOONEY?
WHO'S THAT?
EXCUSE ME, MARY?
MARY MOONEY?
Boy: YOU CAN ASK
AS LOUD AS YOU WANT.
LUNCH LADY
DOES NOT TALK.
SHE'S, LIKE, RETARDED
OR DEAF OR SOMETHING.
MOM LEARNED TO SIGN BECAUSE
SHE HAD AN AUNT WHO WAS DEAF.
SHE TAUGHT ME THE ALPHABET,
BUT THAT WAS A LONG TIME AGO.
EXCUSE ME.
DID YOU KNOW...
L-I-A-N-N-E
R-E-Y-O-N-L-D-S?
ALAS, IT SEEMS
THAT SIGN LANGUAGE
ISN'T AT ALL
LIKE RIDING A BICYCLE.
I'M SORRY.
CAN YOU GO SLOWER?
LIANNE WAS A...
FIEND?
MY MOM, THE FIEND.
TELL ME SOMETHING
I DON'T KNOW.
PRINCIPAL MOOREHEAD.
VERONICA.
I SEE THAT MR. CLEMMONS IS
FAILING IN HIS PRIME DIRECTIVE.
WHAT'S THAT?
KEEPING YOU
OUT OF MY FACE.
MIND IF WE WALK
AND TALK?
YOU WERE VICE PRINCIPAL HERE
IN 1980.
INDEED, I WAS.
AND YOU SUSPENDED MY MOM
FOR SPREADING A FALSE
AND MALICIOUS RUMOR
ABOUT ANOTHER STUDENT.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE ME.
WHAT WAS YOUR MOM'S NAME?
LIANNE REYNOLDS.
[ WHISTLES ]
WELL, UH, I SAW A GREAT DEAL
OF YOUR MOTHER,
AS A MATTER OF FACT.
DO YOU REMEMBER
WHY SHE WAS SUSPENDED?
WHAT DID SHE SAY
THAT WAS SO AWFUL?
WELL, OF COURSE, I DON'T,
VERONICA.
BUT EVEN IF I DID,
WHY WOULD I WANT TO REPEAT IT?
I'M SURE YOUR MOM TURNED INTO
A TERRIFIC PERSON.
BUT DURING THE TIME SHE
WAS HERE, LIANNE WAS RATHER...
VICIOUS.
[ GASPS ] VERONICA?
AND YOU, ALAN.
HOW'S MY
FAVORITE PRINCIPAL?
TAKE FIVE.
OH.
OH, ISN'T HE
A BIG OLD TEDDY BEAR?
WELL, TRINA, IT'S GOOD
TO HAVE YOU BACK HERE.
AND YOU LOOK...
. . . FANTASTIC.
THAT LOOK IS SO GREAT.
J'ADORE.
SO, HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
I MEAN, ASIDE FROM THAT WHOLE
MESS WITH DAD AND ALL.
WHAT, THAT?
IT'S WATER UNDER THE BRIDGE.
GREAT. I'VE REALLY
BEEN MEANING TO CALL YOU.
THERE HAS BEEN SOME SUPER
EXCITING NEWS WITH THE PROJECT.
THREE WORDS --
EVAN RACHEL WOOD.
OKAY.
SHE'S GONNA PLAY YOU
IN "THE AARON ECHOLLS STORY."
NAME CHANGED SINCE YOU
WON'T SIGN THE RELEASE FORMS.
IT'S SUCH A GREAT PART.
IT WAS ALL OVER THE TRADES.
YOU DIDN'T SEE IT?
I DON'T KNOW
HOW I MISSED IT.
YOU SHOULD AUDITION
FOR THE PLAY.
OH, YOU CAN AUDITION
USING ANYTHING.
FRANKLY, WE NEED
SOME PRETTY GIRLS.
YEAH, THANKS ANYWAY.
I CAN'T ACT.
OH, ACTING'S OVERRATED.
YOU'VE GOT PRESENCE, SWEETIE.
LISTEN,
WE'LL CATCH UP LATER.
RIGHT NOW
MY COMPANY NEEDS ME.
OH, THE PLAY IS MY MASTER,
AND I AM ITS WHORE.
SOMEONE REQUEST
TURN-ON SERVICE?
I'M PRETTY SURE
IT'S CALLED TURNDOWN SERVICE.
OH, WELL,
WHO WOULD WANT THAT?
LOGAN'S NOT HERE.
LOOSEN UP,
RICHIE RICH, OKAY?
I'VE BEEN
IN BOTH YOUR BEDS.
I'VE EARNED
THE OCCASIONAL DROP-BY.
[ BABY CRYING ]
OH, MY GOD,
TELL ME THAT IS NOT A BABY.
DON'T BE SILLY.
IT'S AN ANIMATRONIC
PARENTAL-LIFESTYLE SIMULATOR.
IT'S A CLASS PROJECT.
WELL, ISN'T THAT JUST
THE CREEPIEST LITTLE THING
I'VE EVER SEEN?
SO, YOU WANT A BREAK
FROM DADDY DUTY?
LET ME TAKE YOU
FOR A RIDE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
A RIDE?
BIG D's MASERATI
IS DOWNSTAIRS.
YOU GOT TO CHECK IT OUT.
YOU WOULD LOOK SO HOT IN IT.
CAN'T I JUST BE LOVED
FOR ME?
THE MASERATI
RETAILS FOR 150 GRAND,
BUT I'LL LET YOU HAVE HER
FOR HALF THAT.
YOU DO KNOW HOW TO DRIVE
A STICK, DON'T YOU?
ACTUALLY --
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL TEACH YOU THE FUN WAY.
WE DON'T EVEN
HAVE TO LEAVE THE COUCH.
DO THEY, LIKE,
CH EMICALLY CASTRATE YOU BOYS
OVER AT THAT SCHOOL?
YOU DON'T NEED SEX ED.
I AM SEX ED.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
HEY, TRINA.
DUNCAN,
YOU'RE LOOKING GOOD.
IT'S ALL
THE CLEAN LIVING.
HI, BABY.
WHAT TOOK YOU
SO LONG?
HMM.
IF I HAD KNOWN YOU WERE THROWING
YOURSELF AT MY ROOMMATE,
I'D HAVE RACED HOME.
I BROUGHT A SURPRISE
FOR YOU.
I FIGURED YOU AND DUNCAN
COULD TRY IT.
MAYBE IF YOU BOYS
PLAY NICE,
YOU COULD SHARE OR TAKE TURNS
OR SOMETHING.
[ BABY COOS ]
DUNCAN'S NOT INTO
THAT SORT OF THING, PUMPKIN.
I'M TALKING ABOUT
DICK'S MASERATI.
WAIT A MINUTE.
ARE YOU, LIKE,
SLEEPING WITH MY LITTLE BROTHER?
WHAT IS HE -- 13?
13? [ CHUCKLES ]
HE WISHES.
SO, IS THIS YOUR MUCH-OLDER
SISTER I'VE HEARD NOTHING ABOUT?
Logan: AH, YES,
WHERE ARE MY MANNERS?
RODE HARD,
MEET PUT AWAY WET.
I'M GUESSING
SHE'S THE WET ONE.
WELL, I'D LOVE TO STAY AND CHAT,
BUT I'VE GOT PLACES TO BE.
WHERE?
IS THERE A CLUB WHERE YOU,
DEDEE PFEIFFER, JOEY TRAVOLTA,
AND MELISSA RIVERS
ALL MEET FOR DRINKS?
THERE IS.
I DON'T THINK YOU'D LIKE IT.
IT'S 21 AND OVER.
WE'RE HITTING AN AFTER-PARTY
AT CHUCK E. CHEESE, THOUGH,
IF YOU'RE FREE.
OKAY, WELL, I NEED HIM IN BED
BY 10:00 PM. SHARP.
HE'S GOT SCHOOL
TOMORROW.
NIGHT, ALL.
WELL, THE JOKE'S
ON HER.
SHE CAME OVER
TO BORROW MY VIDEO CAMERA.
THE GIRL DOES LOVE
A GOOD EXIT LINE.
AFTER SCOURING
MOM'S SENIOR YEARBOOK,
I FOUND
ONE MYSTERIOUS INSCRIPTION
AMIDST ALL THE "STAY COOL"S
AND "LET'S PARTY THIS SUMMER"S.
ONE PATTY WILSON WROTE,
"LIANNE, THANKS
FOR ALL THE DISHY DISH.
YOU MADE PHYSICS BEARABLE."
LUCKY FOR ME, NOT ONLY DOES
PATTY STILL LIVE IN NEPTUNE,
BUT SHE JUMPED AT THE CHANCE
TO MEET ME FOR COFFEE.
AT LEAST SOMEONE
REMEMBERS MOM FONDLY.
PATTY?
YOU MUST BE VERONICA.
JUST LOOK AT YOU.
PRETTY,
JUST LIKE YOUR MOM.
I'M SURE YOU'LL BE HAPPY TO HEAR
THAT YOUR MOM WAS VERY POPULAR.
THAT'S GREAT.
WE WERE LAB PARTNERS,
AND WE'D JUST SIT
IN THE BACK OF THE ROOM
AND GOSSIP AND SNIPE --
GIRL STUFF.
BUT THE JUICIEST BITS
WERE ALWAYS ABOUT
YOUR MOM'S LOVE LIFE.
REALLY?
WHAT ABOUT?
YOUR MOM AND JAKE KANE --
THE JAKE KANE --
WERE ON AGAIN, OFF AGAIN
THE SUMMER BEFORE SENIOR YEAR.
BUT BY HOMECOMING,
THEY WERE TOGETHER FOR GOOD...
OR SO LIANNE THOUGHT.
WHAT HAPPENED?
THAT SPITEFUL LITTLE SHREW
THAT HE DATED OVER THE SUMMER
TOLD HIM
THAT SHE WAS PREGNANT.
JAKE KANE GOT SOMEBODY PREGNANT
25 YEARS AGO?
WELL, YOUR MOM
DIDN'T THINK SO.
SHE WAS SURE
THAT CELESTE WAS LYING.
CELESTE KANE?
CELESTE CARNATHAN
BACK THEN.
HER FAMILY WAS MOVING
OUT OF THE SCHOOL DISTRICT,
SO SHE HAD TO FIND A WAY
TO BREAK JAKE AND LIANNE UP
FOR GOOD.
CELESTE FINISHED THE YEAR
AT PENN.
OF COURSE, SHE MANAGED
TO FIND HER WAY BACK TO NEPTUNE
FOR PROM.
AND I'M GUESSING SHE WASN'T
PREGNANT AT THE DANCE.
THAT'S RIGHT. JAKE'S LOVE CHILD
HAD MAGICALLY DISAPPEARED.
UH-HUH.
EITHER MOM GOT DUMPED BECAUSE
CELESTE SAID SHE WAS PREGNANT
OR MOM
SAID CELESTE WAS PREGNANT
BECAUSE SHE WAS DUMPED.
SORRY I'M LATE.
Keith: ALMOST STARTED
WITHOUT YOU.
YOU'D HAVE MISSED OUT
ON MY CHILI SURPRISE.
YOU MADE CHILI?
SURPRISE.
HAD TO STOP BY DUNCAN'S
AND PICK UP MY PROGENY.
[ BABY CRYING ]
CAN I ASK YOU A QUESTION
ABOUT MOM?
SHOOT.
WHEN YOU MET HER, SHE WAS STILL
A COOL PERSON, RIGHT?
OF COURSE SHE WAS COOL.
SHE MARRIED ME,
DIDN'T SHE?
WHY DO YOU ASK?
I JUST FOUND OUT THAT MOM
WAS SUSPENDED HER SENIOR YEAR.
I'M PRETTY SURE
IT WAS FOR SPREADING A RUMOR
THAT CELESTE KANE WAS PREGNANT.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND
VERY COOL.
MY POINT EXACTLY.
DO ME A FAVOR?
WHAT KIND OF FAVOR?
ACCESS THE COUNTY
BIRTH RECORDS,
FIND OUT IF MOM
WAS TELLING THE TRUTH.
AND THAT'S GONNA
TELL YOU WHAT?
YOU KNOW
WHO YOUR MOM WAS.
FORGET THE PAST
COUPLE OF YEARS.
YOU LOVED HER.
SHE LOVED YOU.
WHICH IS MORE TORTUROUS --
ORGANIZING DISCIPLINARY FILES
OR SPENDING LUNCH
WATCHING THE BARD
GET FLOGGED BY THE SECOND LEAD
OF "WILDER THINGS."
HA HA!
ARE YOU HONEST?
MY LORD?
ARE YOU FAIR?
WHAT MEANS
YOUR LORDSHIP?
[ BABY CRYING ]
OOPS, SORRY. IT'S MINE.
HE'S JUST A LITTLE COLICKY.
THAT IF YOU BE HONEST
AND FAIR,
YOUR HONESTY SHOULD ADMIT
NO DISCOURSE TO YOUR BEAUTY.
COULD BEAUTY, MY LORD, HAVE
BETTER COMMERCE THAN WITH...
AAH!
GO GET THE NURSE.
YOU ARE TOO CUTE.
YOU WANT
TO HAVE A MEETING.
I LOVE IT!
SO, WHAT'S THIS
ALL ABOUT?
WHAT'S THAT?
THIS IS THE BOX FOR MY FATHER'S
$15,000 PANERAI DESTRO
THAT YOU SOLD TO THE WEBBERS
FOR 5 GRAND.
THIS FAMILY HAS BEEN
HUMILIATED ENOUGH ALREADY.
YOU NEED TO STOP.
YEAH.
HE BILKS INVESTORS FOR MILLIONS,
BUT I'M HUMILIATING THE FAMILY?
I DON'T HAVE A LITTLE TRUST FUND
TO TAKE CARE OF ME,
SO A GIRL'S GOT TO DO
WHAT A GIRL'S GOT TO DO.
I HAVE
A BETTER SOLUTION.
HMM?
I'M USING MY TRUST FUND
TO START A REAL-ESTATE BUSINESS.
I'VE ALREADY FOUND
SOME OFFICE SPACE DOWNTOWN,
AND I'VE DRAWN UP
A PROSPECTUS,
IF YOU'D LIKE
TO TAKE A LOOK AT IT.
WHAT'S THIS
GOT TO DO WITH ME?
I'M 16 --
I CAN'T MEET WITH INVESTORS.
I CAN'T SIGN
LEGAL DOCUMENTS.
NOW, THIS IS WHERE YOU
WOULD COME IN.
YOU WOULD BE THE FACE
OF THE PHOENIX LAND TRUST.
GEE, CASSIDY,
I DIDN'T THINK YOU LIKED ME.
I DON'T, BUT I FIND VALUE
IN YOUR DESPERATION.
LOOK, KID, I HAVE WORKED
VERY HARD OVER THE YEARS
TO AVOID WORKING.
NOW YOU WANT
TO GIVE ME A JOB?
I KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT SALES.
SURE YOU DO.
THAT'S ALL YOU KNOW.
LOOK, YOU'LL BE SALARIED --
A GRAND A WEEK
PLUS COMMISSION THAT
YOU'LL SEE OUTLINED THERE.
BIG "D" IS GONNA
GET THROUGH THIS EVENTUALLY.
IT'S SWEET
WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO DO.
YOUR DAD
WOULD BE SO PROUD.
IF YOU WANT THIS LITTLE
ARRANGEMENT TO WORK,
TRY NOT
TO PATRONIZE ME.
SIR.
YES, SIR.
SO, WHEN DO I GET
MY FIRST CHECK?
THERE'S NO BABY
BORN IN 1980
UNDER EITHER LAST NAME,
KANE OR CARNATHAN.
SO CELESTE WAS LYING.
THAT OR SHE MIGHT'VE
HAD AN ABORTION.
IS THAT THE TYPE OF THING
YOU CAN CHECK UP ON?
HONEY, IT LOOKS TO ME
LIKE YOU AND DUNCAN
HAVE A NICE LITTLE THING
GOING,
SO WHY DO YOU
HAVE TO GO OUT OF YOUR WAY
TO PICK OFF
A 25-YEAR-OLD SCAB?
I JUST WANT A LITTLE PROOF
THAT MY MOM WAS A GOOD PERSON,
THAT SHE WASN'T ONE OF THE GIRLS
I HATE SO MUCH,
ONE OF THE GIRLS
THAT MAKES HIGH SCHOOL MISERABLE
FOR EVERYONE ELSE.
OKAY.
WHAT?
KIND OF A BONUS,
ISN'T IT,
THAT YOU CAN PROVE CELESTE
IS THE WITCH YOU THINK SHE IS
AT THE SAME TIME?
IF SHE DIDN'T SPLIT
JAKE AND YOUR MOM UP,
WELL,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE ME.
AND THAT MEANS
YOU WOULDN'T BE YOU, VERONICA.
AND THAT
WOULD BE BAD, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
SO, TRY TO KEEP THAT IN MIND
WHEN I TELL YOU THIS.
A JANE DOE BABY WAS DELIVERED
TO THE BALBOA COUNTY HOSPITAL
ON MAY 8, 1980.
THAT'S WEIRD.
IT GETS WEIRDER.
THEY FOUND THE BABY
IN THE GIRLS' BATHROOM
DURING THE NEPTUNE
HIGH SCHOOL PROM.
CELESTE.
YOU DON'T ACTUALLY LISTEN
WHEN I TALK, DO YOU?
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
YOU'RE IT.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
JUNIOR'S ALL YOURS TONIGHT.
BABY AND CHEESEBURGERS.
IT'S A PACKAGE DEAL.
I HAVE TO GET SOME SLEEP
TONIGHT -- CIVICS TEST.
I WOULD IF I COULD,
BUT I'VE GOT PLANS.
PLANS? I DON'T REMEMBER YOU
RUNNING ANYTHING BY ME.
[ BABY CRIES ]
UGH.
I LEFT THE BOTTLE
IN MY CAR.
WELL, AT LEAST YOU BROUGHT
THE BABY UP THIS TIME.
LOOK, I'LL HANDLE THIS, BUT THEN
YOU'VE GOT TO GET OUT OF HERE.
DO YOU HAVE A CHICK
COMING OVER?
I'M GOING OUT TO DINNER.
I'M SURPRISED THAT MOM NEVER GOT
ONE OF THESE THINGS FOR LILLY.
SHE WAS ALWAYS SO TERRIFIED
THAT LILLY WOULD GET PREGNANT.
THAT'S IRONIC.
WHAT'S IRONIC?
YOUR MOM AFRAID THAT LILLY
WOULD GET PREGNANT.
HEY, NOW, YOU'RE NOT ABOUT TO
BAD-MOUTH CELESTE, ARE YOU?
HEAVENS NO.
I MEAN, WHAT COULD I SAY
ABOUT THAT...SAINT?
SHE IS A WARMHEARTED,
GOOD-HUMORED, LOVELY WOMAN
OF HIGH BREEDING
AND IMPECCABLE SOCIAL GRACE.
WHY, THANK YOU,
VERONICA.
MOM.
HEY, YOU'RE EARLY.
I WANTED TO GIVE YOU YOUR
CLEAN CLOTHES BEFORE DINNER.
WHAT IS SHE
DOING HERE?
"SHE" MEANING ME?
I GUESS I'M HERE
AS DUNCAN'S SECRET GIRLFRIEND.
OH, AND WE HAVE
A LOVE CHILD.
[ BABY COOS ]
WANT TO HOLD HER?
SHE'S SNUGGLY.
I'LL PASS.
ASTRID, IF YOU'RE DONE GAPING,
THE CLOTHES?
I'M SORRY.
I SHOULD'VE TOLD THEM.
OR MENTIONED TO ME
THAT YOU HADN'T.
I TOLD YOUR FATHER SOMETHING
LIKE THIS WOULD HAPPEN.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY WE
SHOULD'VE TAKEN YOU UP TO NAPA.
[ GASPS ]
NOT IN FRONT OF THE BABY.
THIS ISN'T AMUSING,
VERONICA.
IT'S NOT.
ME BREEDING WITH A KANE?
NO LAUGHING MATTER.
BUT, LOOK, NO ONE
HAS TO KNOW, RIGHT?
WORST CASE SCENARIO,
THINGS DON'T WORK OUT,
I'LL JUST DUMP HER OFF
AT THE BIG DANCE.
IT WORKED AT YOUR PROM,
DIDN'T IT?
DOES SHE EVER MAKE SENSE,
DUNCAN?
DOES SHE EVER THAW OUT,
WHEN I LOOK
AT YOUR FACE,
ALL I SEE IS YOUR DRUNK
SLUT OF A MOTHER.
MA!
LOOK, DUNCAN,
SHE CAN'T JUST --
VERONICA, I NEED A MOMENT ALONE
WITH MY MOM.
SURE.
WE'LL BE IN THE BEDROOM.
YOU DON'T MIND
YOUR DIRTY LAUNDRY
MIXING WITH YOUR CLEAN LAUNDRY,
DO YOU?
NICE BOSS
YOU GOT OUT THERE.
OOH, YEAH.
HOW CAN YOU
PUT UP WITH HER?
SHE PROMISED TO PAY MY WAY
THROUGH GRAD SCHOOL NEXT YEAR.
KIND OF A WEIRD QUESTION,
BUT IS THAT YOUR REAL
HAIR COLOR, ASTRID?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THAT IS A WEIRD QUESTION.
I'M MORE OF WHAT YOU'D CALL
A BOTTLE BLONDE.
AND I'M GUESSING
YOU'RE ABOUT 25?
YOU SHOULD REALLY
WORK AT A CARNIVAL.
I AM INDEED 25.
PLEASE, DON'T ASK ME
MY WEIGHT.
WE'RE LEAVING --
NOW.
[ SIGHS ]
SO, IS THAT HOW CELESTE
LIVES WITH HERSELF?
SHE HIRES HER ABANDONED
DAUGHTER TO FOLD LAUNDRY
IN EXCHANGE
FOR PAYING HER TUITION?
IF ASTRID IS THE PROM BABY,
SHE'S GOT A WHOLE HELL OF A LOT
MORE COMING HER WAY.
EXCUSE ME,
MRS. MURPHY?
YES, LOGAN?
HEY, YOU MIND IF I TAKE
A BATHROOM BREAK?
YOU ALWAYS ASK TO GO TO THE
BATHROOM DURING THIS PERIOD.
I KNOW. IT'S THAT 12-PACK
I SLAM AT LUNCH.
IT GOES
RIGHT THROUGH ME.
HURRY BACK, LOGAN.
Logan:
I HOPE THAT TAPE DIDN'T BURN TOO
MUCH WHEN THEY RIPPED IT OFF.
I HEAR THAT
CAN LEAVE SOME CHAFING.
YOU MADE
THE WRONG PLAY, DOG.
I SHOULDN'T LET YOU LIVE
FOR WHAT YOU PULLED.
WHAT I PULLED?
HANG ON, COMPADRE, LET'S RECAP.
YOU BLASTED A SHOTGUN
THROUGH MY CAR WITH ME INSIDE.
THAT WASN'T ME.
YOU TORCHED MY HOUSE.
THEN YOUR MASKED BANDIDOS
PLAYED RUSSIAN ROULETTE
WITH MY HAND, OKAY?
MY MATH SAYS
YOU STILL OWE ME.
I THOUGHT
YOU KILLED FELIX.
I DIDN'T.
YEAH, I PRETTY MUCH
KNOW THAT NOW.
ARE YOU WAITING
FOR THE MUSIC TO SWELL
BEFORE YOU START
THE APOLOGY?
WE HAVE SOMETHING
IN COMMON NOW.
WE BOTH NEED TO FIND OUT
WHO KILLED FELIX.
SO, WHAT, WE TEAM UP,
GET MATCHING CAPES,
I RIDE SHOTGUN
IN A SIDECAR?
SOMETHING LIKE THAT,
BUT NOT YET.
SEE, I CAN'T
LET YOU LEAVE HERE
LOOKING THE WAY YOU DID
WHEN YOU WALKED IN,
NOT IF I DON'T WANT TO END UP
SOME BALD GUY WITH TATTOOS
WHO RIDES
THE SCHOOL BUS.
I HOPE YOU DON'T JUST EXPECT ME
TO STAND HERE AND TAKE IT.
WOULDN'T BE MUCH FUN
IF YOU DID.
WHO'S GONNA THROW
THE FIRST --
[ BELL RINGS ]
[ THE HIVES' "WALK, IDIOT, WALK"
PLAYS ]
*OW!*
* WELL, IS IT TRUE
WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT IT? *
* THEY SAY IT'S NEW,
BUT I HAVE TO DOUBT IT *
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
MOVE IT.
COME ON, GET TO CLASS.
* HAD ENOUGH *
* I GOT SOME PEOPLE
SAYING THIS WAY *
SAYING THAT WAY *
GET OFF!
* AIN'T IT TOUGH? *
* SEE THE IDIOT WALK *
OKAY, LET'S GO, FOLKS,
LET'S GO.
NOTHING TO SEE HERE.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
* SEE THE IDIOT
CHALK UP HIS NAME *
THEY'RE LUCKY
THEY GOT THAT DOOR DOWN.
SOUNDED LIKE WEEVIL
WAS JUST BEATING THE FRECKLES
OFF HIS ASS.
DID YOU SEE HIM
WALK BY?
WASN'T MUCH LEFT
OFF THAT PRETTY 09er FACE.
BUT HE WALKED,
DIDN'T HE?
IF THAT WAS ME,
AFTER WHAT SURFER BOY DID,
I WOULD'VE PUT HIM
IN THE GROUND.
I GAVE YOU
A FEW OPTIONS.
HERE'S IF YOU WANT TO GO WITH
THE WHOLE FLASH ANIMATION ROUTE.
SWEET.
BUT IF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT
INDUCING EPILEPTIC FITS
WITH YOUR CLIENTS,
WE CAN GO WITH A MORE SLEEK
GRAPHIC VERSION.
I LIKE SLEEK.
ME TOO.
"PHOENIX LAND TRUST, INC.
CASSIDY CASABLANCAS, CEO."
NICE!
I WOULD TOTALLY TRUST
THIS COMPANY WITH MY MONEY.
AND IT'LL WORK WONDERS
WITH THE LADIES.
CHICKS DIG SCARS
AND ACRONYMS.
GOOD TO KNOW.
I'M A GIVER OF INFO.
YEAH, WELL, AS MUCH AS I'D LIKE
TO IMPRESS THE LADIES
WITH MY TITLE,
I ACTUALLY NEED THE CEO TO BE
LISTED AS KENDALL CASABLANCAS.
PAY ME IN CASH,
I ASK NO QUESTIONS.
JUST TIP ME OFF
WHEN YOU'RE GOING PUBLIC.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
THAT MIGHT BE ILLEGAL.
STILL.
YOU'RE ADMIRING MY MOXIE,
AREN'T YOU.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
YOU MUST BE MRS. MAHNOVSKI.
THANKS FOR COMING DOWN.
IF YOU WOULDN'T MIND
FOLLOWING ME INTO MY OFFICE.
ADOPTION AGENCIES
TEMPORARY FOSTER PARENTS,
HOWEVER,
I SEE YOU
AND YOUR HUSBAND
HAVE TAKEN IN A NUMBER
OF CHILDREN OVER THE YEARS.
YOU DON'T HAPPEN TO REMEMBER
A LITTLE GIRL
WHO WAS IN YOUR CARE
FOR A FEW WEEKS BACK IN 1980?
SHE WAS THE ONE
WHO WAS...
FOUND
IN THE HIGH SCHOOL.
HOW COULD I FORGET
THE PROM BABY?
THE PROM BABY, RIGHT.
WELL, MY CLIENTS
SEEM TO THINK
SHE MIGHT BE THEIR
VERY OWN LONG-LOST CHILD.
WELL, I'LL BE.
MY CLIENTS DON'T WANT
A LOT OF PUBLICITY.
THEY'RE QUITE WEALTHY, AND
THEY'RE REALLY ONLY INTERESTED
IN TAKING CARE OF THE CHILD
FINANCIALLY.
SO, IF YOU COULD JUST POINT ME
IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION...
I'M JUST NOT SURE THEIR MONEY
WOULD MEAN ALL THAT MUCH TO HER.
REALLY?
WHY IS THAT?
I HAPPEN TO KNOW SHE ENDED UP
IN A WEALTHY LOCAL HOME.
SHE DID?
THOUGH THIS PAST YEAR,
I'M AFRAID,
HER ADOPTIVE MOTHER
COMMITTED SUICIDE
AND HER ADOPTIVE FATHER
WENT TO JAIL.
BY ALL RIGHTS,
I SHOULD JUST LET THIS DROP.
I CAN'T PRETEND
I'M RIGHTING A WRONG.
I'M NOT RESCUING A HOUSEKEEPER.
BE HONEST WITH YOURSELF,
VERONICA.
YOU JUST CAN'T STAND
CELESTE KANE,
AND YOU WANT
TO SEE HER HUMILIATED.
HEARD YOU WERE
STILL IN HERE.
YEAH, THEY'RE KEEPING ME
ANOTHER DAY FOR OBSERVATION.
DOC WANTS TO MAKE SURE
THE SWELLING GOES DOWN
BEFORE I LEAVE.
I SHOULD LET YOU REST.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY
I'M BOTHERING YOU WITH THIS.
WHAT'S THAT YOU'VE GOT?
NOTHING.
I WAS JUST THINKING
OF TRYING OUT FOR THE PLAY.
AND I WANTED TO TAPE MYSELF,
MAYBE GET SOME DIRECTION.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
DON'T DO THIS
TO YOURSELF.
YOU'RE DYING.
CAN'T YOU SEE YOU'RE DYING?
THEN PLEASE
LET ME DIE IN PEACE.
I CAN'T DO THAT,
BECAUSE THERE IS HOPE.
THERE'S ALWAYS HOPE.
I DON'T NEED HOPE.
I NEED BONE MARROW.
MY DOCTOR SAID ONLY
A BLOOD RELATION CAN SAVE ME.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR PARENTS?
I'M ADOPTED.
UNLESS THE MOTHER
WHO ABANDONED ME COMES FORWARD,
UNLESS I FIND OUT
WHO I REALLY AM...
IT'S OVER FOR ME.
[ SOBS ]
AND SCENE.
YOU KNOW,
I REALLY AM ADOPTED.
REALLY?
I -- I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
SO, WHO'S THE MEAN GIRL NOW?
TO DO WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE,
I WOULDN'T
JUST BE SHAMING CELESTE.
I'D BE MAKING A PUBLIC
SPECTACLE OUT OF TRINA.
OKAY, TRINA,
I WAS LYING.
THAT WHOLE BIT ABOUT WANTING TO
TRY OUT FOR THE PLAY -- A LIE.
THE TRUTH IS, AS A BABY,
YOU WERE LEFT IN A NEPTUNE HIGH
GIRLS' BATHROOM ON PROM NIGHT
25 YEARS AGO.
NO WAY.
ASHTON KUTCHER
IS HIDING SOMEWHERE, RIGHT?
ASHTON, COME OUT.
YOU CAN'T GET ME
THAT EASY.
TRINA, I'M DEAD SERIOUS.
OKAY.
IF YOU'RE JOKING,
YOU REALLY CAN ACT.
YOU'RE A NATURAL.
YOU WERE FOUND IN A GIRLS'
BATHROOM ON PROM NIGHT.
WHAT?
SO, YOU MEAN MY MOTHER WAS,
LIKE, ONE OF THOSE TRASHY SLUTS
THAT DUMPED ME
IN A GARBAGE CAN?
I'M PRETTY SURE
CELESTE KANE IS YOUR MOM.
WELL, THERE'S WORSE NEWS
YOU COULD'VE GIVEN ME.
THEY'VE GOT BILLIONS.
I SUPPOSE THEY DO.
UM...I WAS GONNA USE THIS
AUDITION TAPE TO SMOKE HER OUT,
SHAME HER.
I WAS GONNA SEND THIS VIDEO
TO ALL THE TABLOIDS.
OH, YOU'RE A RASCAL,
VERONICA MARS.
AM I?
I WAS THINKING I WAS
SOMETHING ELSE LESS FLATTERING.
YOU KNOW, IF WE HURRY,
THAT TAPE CAN MAKE
TONIGHT'S ENTERTAINMENT NEWS.
OH, IT'S THE LEAST BIG PAT
CAN DO FOR ME
AFTER LEAVING ALL THOSE
PERW MESSAGES ON MY VOICE MAIL.
Boy: "POOR YORICK.
I KNEW HIM, HORATIO,
A FELLOW --"
OKAY, PEOPLE,
TAKE FIVE.
OH!
"STARLET'S SILENT STRUGGLE
WITH DEATH."
"THE ECHOLLS
FAMILY CURSE."
"WEBSTER RUMORED
TO BE DISCOVERED
IN NEVERLAND BASEMENT."
I'M SORRY.
YOU HAVE TO GO SLOWER.
LOOK --
IT'S LUNCH LADY DORIS.
DORIS WAS SO NICE TO ME
WHEN I WENT HERE.
USED TO ALWAYS GIVE ME
EXTRA CAKE.
ACTUALLY,
HER NAME IS MARY.
REALLY? GUESS I JUST DECIDED
TO CALL HER DORIS.
YOU WANT TO HELP?
OH, THAT'S SO SWEET.
TELL HER THANKS, BUT THIS
IS A STUDENT PRODUCTION.
TRINA?
WHAT'S SHE SAYING?
VERONICA, COULD YOU PLEASE
TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON?
SHE'S SAYING SHE WANTS
TO GIVE YOU HER BONE MARROW.
TRINA IS REALLY
YOUR DAUGHTER?
TRINA WAS THE PROM BABY?
WHAT DID MY MOTHER DO
TO HURT YOU?
"HURT? YOU MOTHER
WAS MY FRIEND."
FRIEND?
LIANNE WAS YOUR FRIEND?
WHAT A DIFFERENCE
A LETTER MAKES.
"LIANNE COULD SIGN.
"SHE'D EAT LUNCH WITH ME
MOST OF THE TIME.
SHE WAS THE SWEETEST,
COOLEST GIRL IN SCHOOL."
YOU KNOW, WHEN I WAS A KID,
I USED TO IMAGINE
THAT SOMEDAY I'D FIND OUT MY
PARENTS WERE, LIKE, MOVIE STARS.
TRINA, YOUR PARENTS
ACTUALLY WERE MOVIE STARS.
I MEAN
MY REAL PARENTS.
SO, WHY ARE YOU SO INTERESTED
IN ALL THIS?
25 YEARS AGO,
MARY TOLD MY MOTHER
SHE WAS HAVING AN AFFAIR
WITH A FACULTY MEMBER,
AND MOM MADE THE MISTAKE
OF ASKING HER FRIEND
DEBORAH HAUSER FOR ADVICE.
SO, WHEN
THE FUTURE HEALTH TEACHER
SPREAD THE STORY
ALL OVER SCHOOL,
THEY GOT CALLED INTO
THE PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE.
SO, DID THEY NAIL
MY MYSTERY DAD?
NOPE. MOM RECANTED, SAID SHE
MADE THE WHOLE THING UP.
WHY?
'CAUSE MARY BEGGED HER
NOT TO TELL.
SHE DIDN'T WANT THE STORY
BEING CONFIRMED.
SO SHE WANTED TO PROTECT
THE TEACHER?
MARY WAS SCARED
AND PREGNANT.
SO SHE DECIDED
IT WOULD BE EASIER
TO JUST DUMP ME
AT THE PROM?
NO, SHE LEFT YOU ON
YOUR FATHER'S DOORSTEP.
HE WAS THE ONE
WHO PANICKED,
KNOWING HE COULDN'T TAKE YOU
TO THE HOSPITAL
WITHOUT
DRAWING SUSPICION.
THE DANCE WAS PERFECT.
EVERYONE WOULD ASSUME THE BABY
BELONGED TO A STUDENT.
SO, WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY REAL DAD?
YOU SAID HE WAS A TEACHER,
RIGHT?
EVEN BETTER.
RAISE ACADEMIC
ACHIEVEMENT SCORES.
HEY, POPS.
HOPE I'M INTERRUPTING.
TRINA, GLAD TO SEE
YOU'RE FEELING BETTER.
I'D HEARD
THAT YOU WERE --
AT DEATH'S DOOR?
AND WHEN EXACTLY WERE YOU
PLANNING TO HOOK ME UP
WITH A LITTLE
BONE MARROW?
PERHAPS WE SHOULD
TAKE THIS OUTSIDE.
OH, COME ON, DAD.
IT'S THE LEAST YOU CAN DO
FOR YOUR DAUGHTER
AFTER DUMPING ME IN THE JOHN
ON PROM NIGHT.
HEY.
YOU GRAB DINNER YET?
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK.
I'M NOT ACTUALLY
THAT HUNGRY.
I WAS SCROUNGING
THROUGH THE OLD FRIDGE
FOR A LITTLE
STUDY SNACK.
AND I'M NOT NORMALLY
A CORN DOG TYPE OF GIRL...
[ CHUCKLES ]
...BUT THIS...
IS GONNA PUT ME OFF THEM
FOREVER.
ARE YOU KEEPING A DEAD RAT
IN OUR FREEZER
OR DO WE HAVE
A SLAM-DUNK LAWSUIT
AGAINST THE
PROCESSED-FOOD INDUSTRY?
I FOUND IT ON THE BUS.
YOU CHECKED OUT THE BUS
AND DIDN'T TELL ME?
IT WAS DUCT -TAPED
UNDER ONE OF THE BACK SEATS.
IT WAS A MESSAGE FOR ME.
I'M THE RAT.
I DON'T KNOW, MAYBE.
MAYBE IT WAS SOMEONE ELSE
ON THE BUS.
YOU WERE RIGHT,
VERONICA.
I SHOULD'VE WON
THAT ELECTION.
I SHOULD'VE
TAKEN OVER THIS CASE.
YOU SLY, OLD DOG.
YOUR SENTENCE IS UP, VERONICA,
UNLESS YOU'RE HERE
TO ATONE FOR SOMETHING
I DON'T YET KNOW ABOUT.
DEDUCING I HAD A KEY
TO YOUR OFFICE --
NOW, THAT WAS CLEVER.
OBVIOUSLY YOU HAD TO FIND A WAY
TO STICK ME IN DETENTION.
THAT WAY YOU COULD BE SURE
I'D FIND MY WAY
INTO MY MOM'S
PERMANENT FILE.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING ON ABOUT?
YOU READ MACHIAVELLI
THIS SUMMER, DIDN'T YOU.
OOH, NICE.
NOT TAKING CREDIT FOR IT?
EVEN MORE BADASS.
THAT'S A VERY IMAGINATIVE
THEORY, VERONICA.
BUT IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I'VE GOT A LOT OF PAPERWORK.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
HELLO?
Woman:
Hello, Ms. Mars?
This is the Neptune
memorial hospital again
regarding Abel Koontz's
belongings.
HOW SOBERING IS IT
THAT THE SUM OF A PERSON'S LIFE
FITS INTO A CARDBOARD BOX?
SINCE I'VE MADE IT PAST
SECURITY ALREADY,
THERE'S ONE THING
I WANT TO CHECK...
MEG'S ROOM, UNGUARDED.
[ HEART MONITOR BEEPING ]